Survey Flow Logic:
● The full list of questions and answer choices can be found in the file:
  kaggle_survey_2020_answer_choices.pdf. This file contains footnotes that describe which
  questions were asked to which respondents. Additional details are described below.

● Respondents with the most experience were asked the most questions. For example, students
  and unemployed persons were not asked questions about their employer. Likewise, respondents
  that do not write code were not asked questions about writing code.

● For questions about cloud computing products, students and respondents that have never spent
  money in the cloud were given an alternate set of questions that asked them “what products they
  would like to become familiar with” instead of asking them “which products they use most often”.
  For questions with alternative phrasing, the questions were kept separate, and question types
  were labeled with either an “A” or a “B” (e.g. Q25A, Q25B, … , Q34A, Q34B).

● Follow-up questions were only asked to respondents that answered the setup question
affirmatively.
   ○ Question 18 and Question 19 (which specific ML methods) were only asked to
     respondents that selected the relevant answer choices for Question 17 (which categories
     of algorithms).
   ○ Question 27-A and Question 28-A (which specific AWS/Azure/GCP products) were only
     asked to respondents that selected the relevant answer choices for Question 26-A (which
     of the following companies).
   ○ Question 30 (which specific product) was only asked to respondents that selected more
     than one choice for Question 29-A (which of the following products).
   ○ Question 32 (which specific product) was only asked to respondents that selected more
     than one choice for Question 31-A (which of the following products).
   ○ Question 34-A (which specific product) was only asked to respondents that answered
     affirmatively to Question 33-A (which of the following categories of products).
